Forecast2022 Online Festival
Curatorial statement

In a planetary-scale network of material resources and information, production and consumption, living and non-living agents, the humanity is facing many different issues like global inequality and climate change, disinformation and the rise of surveillance state with it’s algorithmic control and manipulation.
But at the same moment we are witnessing this global trend and global need in society to retribalise, to connect, to form another dimension of social cohesion, another kind of interaction.

Art is not enough today. As artists, we go beyond the limitations of artistic practices. We want to rethink and reconstruct our relations to technologies, to ourselves, to each other and to non-human actors around us.
We demand the Parliament of Things and Ideas.
Creating communities spreading far from artistic purposes.
Developing the new forms of creativity, connectivity and conviviality.
Solidarity in action.
We consider any technology as a threat but also as an opportunity to explore, to deconstruct, to hack, to subvert, to make it a tool for digital resistance.

The FORECAST2022 Online Festival is a non-hierarchical, self-organized initiative of artists, scientists, curators, developers, philosophers, designers, … It is a laboratory which will present both familiar and experimental forms of online activities:

online bars,
concerts,
performances,
conferences,
panels,
readings,
workshops,
talks,
lectures,
online exhibitions
and installations,
etc..


Online Festival Rules

* Artwork Page is part of Online Festival only if it corresponds to this rules
* Participant must express his affiliation to Online Festival by including link to this document or document itself in artwork page
* Artwork should have a page that one can create link to
* In his works Authors must not violate the laws of the countries in which they are citizens
* There are no other limitations of format and content 
* Online festival is held between %start date% and %end date%. Participant must provide availability of his artwork durning festival
* Artwork page must have at least one link to others artwork with explicit indication that link target is Artwork of Online Festival by adding "[FORECAST2022]" to link text and attribute rel="onlinefestival" to link tag. Must not be any link marked this way if link target is not Artwork of Online Festival. If your artwork have link in specific non-html form (javascript for example), you must duplicate html link in your page code to allow automatic check connectedness of Online Festival
* Must be possible to get (directly or indirectly) to any other Artwork of Festival from Artwork page. For new Artwork, there may be no links within 24 hours